The paper begins with talking about an agent that minimizes the cost of airline ticket with the help of an action policy on past performance and historical data of the airlines, which seems to be quite relevant. There are many other developed technologies like “Fare Predictor” to predict he cost but this agent uses some concept of these technologies and combined them with machine learning algorithm which will enhance its performance at broader level. It is not an easy task to develop such model because we have to use the approaches like reinforcement learning which are quite sophisticated itself, but it guarantees to provide better results than any other model.
The author revokes the general trend “earliest purchase is the best policy for optimal cost”, as airlines set their cost on the basis of historical data regarding the flight. It seems to be sound genuine as airlines also knows the trend of the ticket buyers, but it will not be true all the times. This paper goes beyond “Fare Predictors” and many other already developed models by extending the time limit, taking multiple flights in concern, dividing data into different sets which will help them to predict demand according to days, destination and many other aspects of flight which makes this model different from rest.
Now, paper constructs a prediction model keeping all the practical complexities and size of data for a good and accurate prediction results. This model extracts the data on the basis of different important features of airlines on a daily basis and a days-to-departure value is computed. The important thing is paper also took Lagged featured data under consideration because many times we are not able to predict exact result on the basis of most recent values. Different kinds of regression model like PLS and other machine learning algorithm can be used for computation and to select an optimal model it introduces the concept threshold function which consist of two parameters {Buy, wait} depending upon the time of departure and threshold value these parameters suggest what to do at particular time these are the good aspects of model but it will not be able to suggest the exact time when the cost should be minimum this is major drawback.
Finally, the shortcomings of the paper are hierarchy construction if someone comes with greater efficiency algorithm for selection search it would become more effective and another one is its complex structure which will took all prior data in the concern. This model is very helpful in Multi-route flights and we can also save cost with the help of this model which is justified by taking different values in account and compare the statics of this model with the previous model “Fare Predictor” but the construction of model is as difficult as reinforcement learning problems.