The goal of this paper is to apply Generalized-Semi Markov Decision Processes for the multi-robot problems in real-time scenarios. Since complete multi-agent applications need synchronous communication between them, this causes a suboptimal policy. This is because of the fact that synchronous implementation of multi-agent applications needs a time period as a check point where all the joint actions can start and end within the period and communication happens before the next time period. Therefore, it is possible that agents get idle before next period. In addition agents cannot react to events immediately.

Asynchronous communication is the solution that this paper considered for multi-agent scenario. GSMDP is the extension of MDP for modeling continuous-time stochastic decision processes with asynchronous events and actions. The ideal model of continuous-time MDP is the events and actions with exponential delay distribution. In GSMDP, non-exponential delay distribution is approximated to exponential continuous-time MDP and Markov chain. Then continuous-time MDP is transformed to discrete-time MDP which can be solved easily.

Clarity of presentation is fair because it is an application work of using GSMDP. However, the time model which makes the system suitable for the specific real-time application of robot soccer is not well presented especially they did not provide the example that the time model cannot be approximated to Markov chain. In addition, the definition the event in Definition 2 is not understandable. It would be better that they provide a simple example for explaining their overall model.

Technical soundness is poor, because first of all the lack of information on how to model the problem into GSMDP causes us not to understand the background section of the paper. It would be better that the authors provide a brief definition of GSMDP with more focus on the simple examples according to their given scenario. The other problem is that the high level algorithmic description the work is not given to help the reviewer to understand the whole process.

Novelty of contribution is fair, because it uses GSMDP as the first time in multi-robotic real-time scenario. On the other hand, the communication cost and efficiency is drastically improved related to synchronous implementation. The lack of detailed explanation of this work causes not to obtain good score.

It is obvious that paper is not nominated for the best paper. But it is suitable for poster presentation.