In Di He, Wei Chen, Liwei Wang and Tie-Yan Liu's "A Game- theoretic Machine Learning Approach
for Revenue Maximization in Sponsored Search" they seek to improve sponsored search (one of the main revenue generation methods of modern search engines) by maximizing revenue through the use of a novel combination of machine learning and game theory to create near optimal auction mechanisms (while trying to eliminate the downsides of both methods). In sponsored search, firms wishing to advertise submit bids to get their content shown in reaction to an end user querying specific keywords. An auction mechanism generates maximum revenue when the sum of the individual bidder payments is highest.

Previous work has tended to focus on *either* game theoretic or machine learning methods. With one branch of the work exemplified by [Lahaieand Pennock, 2007; Garg et al., 2007] seeking to model the problem through game theoretic methods, more specifically by optimizing the worse-case revenue in symmetric Nash equilibrium. This is a specific subcase of the prisoner's dilemma in which the dominant strategy for each player ends up being the same (even if mixed) thus leading to a single equilibrium. Another branch of the previous work reflected in the results of [Zhu et al., 2009b; Radlinski et al., 2008; Zhu et al., 2009a] seeks to use traditional machine learning techniques to analyze historical data to determine an optimal auction mechanism.

Both methods are subject to underlying, possibly counterfactual or naive assumptions that make their applicability to the domain unclear. The method that employs traditional game theory makes a number of assumptions including overestimating both the knowledge and rationality of the bidders. Not only are the bidders subject to seemingly exogenous shocks (such as company politics and the bounded rationality of their supervisors) but also have incomplete and possibly asymmetric information (about the bid distribution) as well as having their rationality bounded by the fast pace and complexity of the auctions. The machine learning approach on the other hand works on the fallacious assumption that the optimal auction mechanism over the historical data will be the perpetual optimal. Thus it falls prey to "second order effect" in which bidders change their bids in accordance with their utilities based on new auction mechanism. Thus, optimal mechanisms generated solely from historical data instantly become outmoded as potential advertisers dynamically reevaluate their actions based on the mechanism presented to them.

In the paper, they propose to combine both methodologies strengths while eliminating their weaknesses. To do so they propose a bi-level optimization in which bidder behavior models are simulated through the time invariant Markov property. The percepts the agent is given are number of impressions, number of clicks and average cost per click (collectively known as KPI). The transitions between the states are simulated using a parametric transition matrix run for an arbitrary number of cycles. This learnt advertiser behavior model is then used to predict future bids. Revenue is maximized over the space of theses future bids.

This system improves on the aforementioned previous work in s number of ways. As a model it can be seen as a generalization allowing for the modeling of previous work and as a procedure it theoretically eliminates the assumptions (and subsequent problems) inherent to the respective game theoretic and machine learning based algorithms. In the case of machine learning algorithms it creates a more robust bidder behavior model that is generalizable over changing auction mechanisms. Because of this and more realistic simulation of  received percepts the second half of the system (the game theoretic modeling) is more accurate as it does away with many of the classical pitfalls of Nash diagrams in the real world.

The authors then took their system and conducted experiments to determine the efficacy and promise of the system. They began the experiment by running the machine learning apparatus over a search engines query and bid logs and in lieu of actual high stakes bidding processes proceeded to use advanced behavioral models to simulate a mixed behavior market. They then proceeded to compare the revenue generated by their algorithm and standard benchmarks (including the game theoretic and machine learning algorithms mentioned earlier). Initial results came back promising with revenue over time stabilizing over all techniques with their method coming out on top.

This empirical methodology and presentation is not without its pitfalls as the ultimate test of any auction mechanism is real people and not infinitely mutable simulators. The lack of details given about the workings of the simulator (and its correspondence to real life decision makers) throws the final validity of their observations into question. On a positive note though, the method is apparently a standard evaluation and the comparisons (though possibly highly contextual) are at least consistent.

In addition to this, their model is also subject to unspoken assumptions. First among these is that auction markets themselves seem to be treated as having no competition. The implicit assumption being that all bidders are willing to accept whatever mechanism or meta-mechanism is given to them by search services (possibly due to the longstanding oligopoly condition of the search market). While this would normally be considered far beyond the scope of a computer science submission, one that seeks to do meta-analysis on markets over time should take its own market situation into account at least theoretically.

The possible future directions for this research are highly intriguing. The authors themselves plan to investigate models incorporating other publically available percepts (including stated reserve price) as well as creating more robust representation of advertiser behaviors. Further possibilities include the use of test runs in actual human auctions and market research about advertiser behavior in multiple-engine multiple paradigm competitive markets