In "Multi-Target Detection and Recognition by UAVs Using Online POMDPs", authors Caroline Chanel, Florent Teichteil-Konigsbuch and Charels Lesire propose a novel method of executing online POMDPs in the domain of object recognition performed by UAVs.   In this paper, the authors use an optimize-while-execute algorithmic framework as a planning engine to detect a vehicle, while keeping into account the costs of operation (fuel consumption) to influence the decision making.  By descretizing all of the state variables as well as counting many of the functions effectively deterministic, the only probabilistic function is the actual classification of the vehicles.

The authors start out by explaining the POMDPs and the difficulty involved with respect to robot planning; reasons include the curse of dimensionality as well as the probabilistic nature of object detection.  After listing some related works that relate to object detection with POMDPs controlling varying types of systems,  the authors contends that the they require a radically different approach that requires the UAV solve the POMDP problem at runtime.  The formal framework is given for the POMDP model.  The authors have done a great job of reducing a highly complex problem into a few actions and states.  This is done by treating some of the actions and treating them as effectively deterministic, since the onboard functions that control the UAV are so reliable (and not the main concern of the POMDP). However, I would have liked to see if the POMDP has any say in trajectory correction with dealing with outside forces (for example, wind), or information if that is not meant to be in the scope of this problem.  In order to calculate the probability of correctly identifying a given vehicle, the authors collected a large sample of pictures of the cars themselves and calculated the probabilities by essentially looking at how many correct classification they had for each vehicle.  While the actual classification of the targets is left up the onboard functions of the UAV itself and the main topic of the paper is the planning engine, I would have liked to see a defense of the veracity of the probabilities calculated and used.  500 images of the same target were collected, but there is no mention of the conditions of the collections.  If all of the data collected on a sunny day, will we still have the same probability of correctly identifying a car if we try to execute the mission on a cloudy day?  Depending on the implementation of the classification algorithm (which is not mentioned in this paper) this concern may very well be moot, but a mention of this issue would help, even if the authors took precautions to fly missions on consistently clear days to ensure the same probabilities throughout.
The authors did give an excellent job of sticking to the POMDP model of execution, especially when executing the optimize-while-execute algorithm. This algorithm bears similarity to many partially observable planning algorithms where we need to execute an action, make an observation, update the plan, and repeat until done.  In addition, the problem was reduced well to a small set of state variables which no doubt helped tremendously in this problem. However, it will be interesting to see how the authors expand on this research with such existing  heavy constraints.