This paper presents a new application domain for Generalized Semi Markov decision process (GSMDP) --- multi robot sequential decision making. The authors mention that in multi robot systems the state transitions are assumed to be experienced synchronously by all agents leading to suboptimal policies. Also, seldom are state transitions synchronous. The authors relax this assumption and present GSMDPs as the decision making framework to handle asynchronous state transitions. The idea is validated on a Robocup scenario (both in simulation and real experiments) and results show superior performance for GSMDPs.

The paper mentions that GSMDPs support asynchronous operations by allowing temporal distributions of persistently enabled events to depend on time they have been enabled. The authors refer to the paper by Younnes and Simmons where a phase-type distribution is used as the temporal distribution.  The authors argue that using a phase-type distribution for for multi-robot decision making systems is not feasible as the number of phases required becomes unreasonably large. The authors propose an alternative where the each persistently enabled event can be decomposed into an sequence of deterministically timed transitions followed by a phase-type distribution with a small number of phases. The paper presents an existing method to solve the GSMDP by converting it to a discrete time MDP by using a Laplace transform. Existing techniques for discrete time MDPs are used to solve the problem.

The simulation results compare the performance of discrete time MDPs vs GSMDPs. Since GSMDPs act asynchronously to events, the robot is able to score more goals that the discrete time MDP counterpart. The authors argue that this is because of the faster reaction times due to asynchronous behavior. 

On real robots, GSMDP is compared with fixed time step MDP by varying the time steps. Results show a 81.7% decrease in the duration of decision episodes for GSMDPs thus showing  a reduction in the time between consecutive goals.

The paper presents an interesting application domain for GSMDPs and the results show that it is superior to discrete time MDPs. Since a particular application domain is chosen, the literature survey should cover the existing models used in this application domain. The authors claim that GSMDPs haven't been used in Robocup but do not back it up with sufficient survey on existing techniques in Robocup. For instance, what is the model used by the Robocup winner last year. Is it possible to get the stats (wrt goals and time between goals) for the winning team in Robocup last year. 

In results why are the number of agents not factored? How does GSMDP compare with other methods wrt the number of agents (as more agents can cause more obstacles). The results only show two agents with an obstacle. This comparison would make this paper complete, otherwise it is just falling short.