The main idea proposed by this paper is an alternative solution to conformant planning.  In domains with incomplete knowledge, conformant planning is used to help an agent decide what the next best action will be based on current state information and sensory input.  Unfortunately if an agent needs to create a plan prior to execution, runtime sensing information will not be available and conformant planning can give poor solutions or may not even be possible at all.  Assumption-based planning is an alternative method to handle this situation.
     Assumption-based planning looks to solve a planning problem by not only finding a sequence of actions but it also needs to assume some facts about the domain to be able to execute those actions.  Then the problem becomes as to what an agent should or should not assume.  The paper discusses this idea and provides a translation from assumption-based planning to classical planning that is sound and complete.
     A classical planning problem formally consists of a tuple of symbols, actions, initial state, and goals.  An assumption-based planning problem also involves a set of assumed truths about the domain.  These assumptions can be made at different states along the plan execution path or they can be assumptions of the initial state of the world.  Under the initial state assumption it is easy to see that an assumption based plan can be converted to a classical plan simply by setting the initial state to the union of the initial state and initial assumptions.
     The paper defines a translation that uses tags, which are sets of literals, which can be used to create assumptions about the initial state.  These assumable tags allow for assumable actions to be generated by the planner.  This is done throughout the planning process by a sequence of tag merges and checks are in place so the planner cannot make inconsistent assumptions from its knowledge about the tags.  If an assumption would create a situation where there is no possible assignable truth values to tag literals then the assumption is not considered valid.  The idea of preferred assumptions is also addressed by this paper.  This is done by assigning relative cost to assumptions where the more preferred, or likely, assumptions are assigned lower costs.  In this way solving the planning problem with the objective of minimizing total cost will also give preference to the more likely assumptions.
     The paper tests its assumption based planner, called A0, which is an augmentation of the T0 planner.  Tests were conducted in four domains in the IPC benchmark suite, logistics, raokeys, coins, and storage.  In general A0 outperformed the classical and naïve approaches.