The presentation was clear. The authors did a good job of describing the implementation and the idea behind the algorithm that they implemented. The discussion on the limitations of existing approaches gave a good foundation for the introduction of their approach. However, the authors did not provide reference for the second-order effect in sponsored search. The approach was broken down into a bilevel optimization framework that first learns the advertiser behavior model and then predicts their bid changes using this model during the process of auction mechanism learning. They also discussed the assumptions made by their approach. Namely that the advertisers do not have knowledge about the auction mechanism or the bids of other advertisers and that the system has access to advertisers' auction logs and the web users' query and click-through logs.

The presentation was good overall but was lacking slightly in certain areas. The authors did not discuss prior approaches in any sort of depth but rather just categorized and grouped papers which didn't give a good idea of the existing domain. This paper would have benefited by giving a little more discussion on the literature in the domain. The authors did a great job of showing that the advertiser model would be ok to be represented as a Markov model and they did say that the bilevel optimization framework would work with the implementation of a more complex model to represent the data. However, the model works under the assumption that if the KPI is below expected, then the advertiser will likely increase the bid price and if the cost per click is too high (given that clicks and impressions are satisfactory), then the advertiser will likely decrease their bid. This system oversimplifies the complexity behind the determination of bid by an advertiser that can have many other elements associated with it. In the experiment, the authors created a mixture model of existing models that model advertiser behavior. However, these models again either oversimplify the behavior or rely on unattainable information. The Best Response Model model relies on each advertiser knowing the exact bids of all competitors in any given round. The Analytical Model assumes the distributions of the number of advertisers and bid prices to be available. The Stable Behavior Model assumes static bid prices. This approach should be tested under a more realistic representation of the behavior or deployed in a live environment.

Because not enough information was given on the prior approaches (machine learning and game-theoretic), it seems that this approach was simply combining the existing approaches. After looking into the references, the changes that the authors made to the existing systems become a little more clear, but the approach doesn’t seem especially novel. It is an application of existing methods to a new problem.